feat(apig): add a new resource to manage application quota (#4922)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/apig_application_quota.md

variable "time_interval" {}

resource "huaweicloud_apig_application_quota" "test" {
  instance_id   = var.instance_id
  name          = var.name
  call_limits   = var.call_limits
  time_unit     = var.time_unit
  time_interval = var.time_interval
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the dedicated instance to  
  which the application quota belongs. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the application quota.  
  The value only Chinese and English letters, digits and underscores (_) are allowed,  
  and must start with a Chinese or English letter. The valid value ranges from `3` to `255`.

* `call_limits` - (Required, Int) Specifies the access limit of the application quota.  
  The valid value ranges from `1` to `2147483647`.

* `time_interval` - (Required, Int) Specifies the limited time value for flow control of the application quota.  

>   The valid value ranges from `1` to `2147483647`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `time_interval` - (Required, Int) Specifies the limited time value for flow control of the application quota.  
  The valid value ranges from `1` to `2,147,483,647`.
```

Author: done

* `time_unit` - (Required, String) Specifies the limited time unit of the application quota.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **SECOND**
  + **MINUTE**
  + **HOUR**
  + **DAY**

> * `description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the description of the application quota.  
>   The value not supported `<`, `>`. The aximum value `255`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the description of the application quota.  
  The description contain a maximum of `255` characters and the angle brackets (< and >) are not allowed.  
  Chinese characters must be in **UTF-8** or **Unicode** format.
```

Author: done
